no because here's three reasons why I
actually separate each one of my toes
I'm not like a monkey that has fingers
for toes but independently separated
toes learn to be independently strong so
number one is every step is a literal
workout for my feet just like any other
workout the first time I wore them I got
sore but something cool happens later
your feet get stronger and then pretty
much nothing makes you sore anymore and
number two the muscles that move your
big toe out and down are a huge part of
your arch which is why I can actually on
command make my foot have high arches or
low arches because my feet are strong
and flexible and reason three is I
actually just prefer to be barefoot but
the amount of DMs I get asking for my
feet picks is crazy so it makes me
uncomfortable if you're interested in
Pala click the link in my bio and use
code stay flexy for a discount